Answers -
    0.  BMP - 16.7 (4.3B max)
        GIF - 256 colors (255 visible + 1 transparent)
        JPEG - 16.7M
        PNG - 16.7M ( but some sourses say upto 256T (281,474,976,710,656 colors max))
    1.  GIF
    2.  With lossless compression, 
        every single bit of data that was originally in the file 
        remains after the file is uncompressed. 
        All of the information is completely restored. 
    3.  JPEG
    4.  First, the system modifies the filename’s first
        character in the file’s directory entry to signal that the file
        has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
        Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters
        to the hard drive’s list of free clusters. The actual file
        data is never touched. 
    5.  Overwrite the data with other data so that the
        original data cannot be recovered. 
    6.  It is a header file in the C standard library
        to allow programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs 
        that specify exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values 
        for each type, using macros .
    7.  Already available basic integer types were deemed insufficient, 
        because their actual sizes are implementation defined and may vary across different systems. 
        The mentioned in the question types are especially useful in embedded environments where hardware usually supports 
        only several types and that support varies between different environments - they set the exact (bits) length on integers
    8.  BYTE - 1
        DWORD - 4
        LONG - 4
        WORD - 2
    9.  The first 2 bytes of the BMP file format are the character "B" then the character "M" in ASCII encoding.
    10. biSize - the number of bytes required by the structure (BITMAPINFOHEADER - a fixed value),
        bfSize - the size, in bytes, of the bitmap file (image + header).
    11. If biHeight is negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB and its origin is the upper-left corner.
    12. biBitCount
    13. It is possible you open more files than your OS allows. 
        It means that the file might not exist or some permission error occurred 
        while accessing a file such as "Read-Only" or "Write-Protected", 
        so in those cases fopen will return 0.
    14. It specifies how many elements we want to "fread" at a time, and we're
        reading only 1 struct in this case.
    15. 3 
    16. The  fseek()  function sets the file position indicator for the stream pointed to by stream.  The new position, measured in
        bytes, is obtained by adding offset bytes to the position specified by: SEEK_SET, SEEK_CUR,  or
        SEEK_END, the offset is relative to the start of the file, the current position indicator, or end-of-file, respectively.
    17. SEEK_CUR - the current position indicator, see answer 16.
    18. Rick Astley

Questions - 
    0. How many different colors does each format support?
    1. Which of the formats supports animation?
    2. What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression?
    3. Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?
    4. What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?
    5. What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    6. What’s stdint.h?
    7. What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?
    8. How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?
    9. What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be? 
       (Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers.)"
    10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?
    11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?
    12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?
    13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?
    14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?
    15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?
    16. What does fseek do?
    17. What is SEEK_CUR?
    18. Whodunit?
